WHAT DOES IT guys and what can Maxson now and this video will be working out this section.
OK we have to design and we have to add our products in here.
OK.
So this works so amazing.
What we want is that Vinita pro version.
So the video that you are watching right now you have to just open this up and Verity's the resources
available you have to click in words get the pro version using this link you have to click there and
it'll take you to there.
OK.
And then what you have to do you just need to buy this.
So what you have to do you have to just sit by now and you'll be taken there and then you have to enter
your details and everything and your it will be bought.
So you can see this is here and then you have to check out using data bank transfer sorry the MasterCard
Visa and then everything will be done.
What you have to do you have to just go to my account page.
OK.
And then in the download section you have to download that elementary.
So after you have downloaded that I'm going to show you how can you upload it.
So you have to go to six complete course dot com and then you have to go to the plug ins and everything
would be same.
I'm going to show you how this is going to work.
They just said Just touch dashboard.
OK.
And then you have to go to plug ins and then you have to hit add new.
So here we have to add new to plug in.
So I'm going to hit upload plug in I'm going to choose the file and I'm going to go to the download
dictionary.
My elementary is downloaded.
I'm going to select this one.
I mean to install now and you can see this is being installed so let's wait till this is installed and
then we're going to move forward.
So this is waiting for it to be uploaded.
I'm going to get activated plug in and you can see this plug in is going to be activated.
So here we go we can see everything is activated there.
This is here and it's going to come here.
I'm just going to come here and make sure that you have this every setting saved.
So now you have to come here and you have to refresh this page.
And a pro version will be here.
And then we can add some more.
So we can add sale products we can add recent products we get at most rated products or we can add anything
that we want to add.
So let's let's wait till this is done.
OK.
Here it is.
And we have the pro elements who you can see we have played boast portfolio slides form and so much
of things that we cannot even imagine.
OK.
So what I'm going to do right now I want to say this about OK I need a shaved writer OK to make it look
much better.
I'm going to come here I'm going to come here and I want to go to the style and then I'm going to go
down.
And here it a shape divider and in the bottom and the bottom is going to be a zigzag.
So it is a zigzag note.
I can also add the mountain effect the mounting looks good.
OK we can also go trying.
We can also go with it.
Tilt
the car
saves or the base pattern
split.
I think I like the mountains much better.
OK.
I want to go with the color.
So McCullers going to be the normal color that has a background color effect.
And I need it.
So but it should be 100 200 from here and the height should be.
I think this looks cool.
Let me click here and let's see how a web site is looking so our Web site looks pretty great here.
I need to hide to be a little bit smaller more
OK it looks cool.
I need it to be more so I needed to be 1 2 3 to 1 very little great.
OK.
And then we have the flip so we can also flip it if you want to.
This is like the mountain is down and this is the down side of the mountain.
So this looks amazing too I think.
OK.
All I need to increase the height a bit and I need to increase the not just a crease it increase the
that OK I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit Savery now and you can see that my head is set to be awesome.
I want to go ahead.
I want to add a new section and that is going to be here.
OK.
And then I'm going to work with it so I need to just click this guy right here and I want to just work
with the enemy.
Headline we can also add the enemy headline you guys already know how the enemy good headline works.
OK but what I want to hear
let's add the headline normal normal headline and OK and that will be the recent products or the top
rated products or the NZL products so you can add a feature products here as well.
But I think we should add the feature product.
OK.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to bring this immediate headline.
OK.
And that will be this sort of feature should be in this this like this or TV featured.
And then after.
So this is going to be products featured products.
OK.
The shape is going to be underlying curly of the Coralee underlying underlying looks great.
I want to go to Steinway here and let sila to bed.
So I want to go to the shape so the shape color is going to be the full block
OK.
It looks great.
You can also make the red if you want it to be red but dreadful and look great to me.
If you go with my opinion.
OK.
And now let's go to.
You can also it's like round edges so that the edges would be rounded.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to headline right here.
And it's design this headline.
So I wanted the topography.
OK.
The typography size is going to be bigger.
And the vate should be 300.
It looks great.
OK.
And then we have the families of family is going to be open sans OK.
Now we don't have to do anything.
We also want to go with the topography of this.
And let's just make it make this space to be the 500.
So let's make it to be 400.
It looks good now it looks ok.
Everything looks amazing the shape here as well.
And everything looks cool so I just want to decrease the video of this as well and make it the size
of this one.
All right.
All cool.
You can see how great it is looking.
And we have the foreign not so boarded but it is the sleek design the elegance.
If I just make it like this you can see how it is looking.
OK.
Yes we don't have anything in the bottom that is why it isn't looking good.
But this looks seriously great.
OK.
I want to come here I want to add the let's just click this guy and wince at the product so let's go
down and we have the view the U.S. here.
So here we can add the products here we can add to cardboard and we can add the elements.
Elements is also a trade section I'm going to show you how this is going to look.
OK.
And then we have the categories so let's just bring the products right here.
Let's just try to drag it and drop it down.
And here we have the featured products so I'm just going to show the four column the products count
is going to be for.
OK.
And then I'm going to go to the credit.
So the crazy is going to be the products.
So you can also select the manual selection and then you are going to show the featured products or
you can just come here and you can select the feature.
It's just going to show the feature products.
Now I haven't told you what a featured product is.
I miss that.
I'm sorry guys I'm just gonna show you right now.
OK so what you have to do you're happy just click save right now and you can see this will be saved.
So now let's have a look at our Web site how we can make it look much better.
So you can see this is how this is coming.
We don't have anything in the feature products section.
The reason is that we haven't added any of.
We haven't made any of the product to be as featured and we wanted to do that how we'll do that we just
come here.
We just go to the dashboard right here and then we have to go to the products right here and then we
have to head all products.
And you can see that here we can make any of the product set as feature.
So we need to use this thing.
Okay you can see this is the story that she's featured too.
If I make any of the product features if I just like this fool logo I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to make it.
Just click here and again see this product will be marked as featured and then that product will be
coming up in this page.
So let's just come here and see this you can see how this featured products for it so you can make any
of the product featured and then you can featured anywhere you can make sure that you add your feature
products here you can make it like best selling products V-Tech him and like something like that and
then it'll be appearing.
OK I'm going to come here and this is how it is looking so I'm going to make one more and that will
be the boot ninja.
OK.
And then we have the premium quality as well let's just set it to feature it as well.
Click here.
And then you have to be to not just rush.
OK.
Let this page be loaded and then do the next one.
So then we have the flying and you so on selecting this you can see every feature product they'll be
coming here.
If I just refresh it right now you can see four will come if I just go beyond that if I just choose
for 51.
OK.
I just select this one.
So let's suppose I just select chip your idea.
OK this is right here and I just come here and I just refresh this.
Then you will see only four will appear.
It will not come.
OK.
The reason is that that we have selected the for a quantity here in the layout.
If I just come here and I just save it.
And I just refresh it.
OK.
Let me just refresh this.
So then it will appear.
Otherwise it will appear like this.
I have to refresh and then it will have the feature products from the feature section you can see they
have a problem.
OK.
They just show two one right here.
But if you click here it will show one.
OK.
Yes.
They have the problem they will show lines.
OK.
I don't know why they have this problem when I use this elementary DAB.
And with this product they have this problem but do not vary.
If you just save it and then you open this up in this step it will come totally OK.
And this will be fun.
Single layouts are not very guys about this.
It will be here.
But when you edited it will be Vonne single.
So I want to work with this one right here.
The column should be five.
I need five columns so I need more products.
OK.
And the products count is also be the five because I want to show the five products right here.
So that it just looks like more products in here and my website is going to look like more products
right.
So make sure that you have and when you are creating your online store you have to keep a focus on one
thing and that is make sure you add a lot of products guys it works.
It just works.
And whenever a person will come to your site you say you will not only look at 10 big what do you know
will look amazing too.
So make sure to add a lot of products.
OK.
And then we have the crazy and we have selected the feature.
If I just select s.l you are going to see the sale products are going to appear.
So it is just showing the sale of products that we have.
So I'm just going to select the featured cars on the first.
I need to show the feature.
And then we have the Otterbein So it's going to Otterbein the date the price the popularity and the
random so you can also show the random products.
OK.
I'm just going to select the date one.
So it's it's just going to show the recent product on the date.
OK.
If he is sending then the ship your idea is going to come so you can see it's just going to show the
recent featured product on top so you can make any of the product featured and that will be on the top
of the page.
So everything looks great.
You can also just choose the category and then it will exclude the category with the feature products.
OK.
You can also add the tags and then it will show that you can also add the Autard that who was the author
who posted this.
And then it's going to show that products who is by this author.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save.
You can see how this is looking.
OK.
We have or this one right here.
We have a call to action on the heading and then we have a button that's going to take us to the online
shop for every product.
And then we have this cloud factory here and then we have the feature Prague's.
I am in love with this Web site.
I will buy it from this Web site.
Seriously guys seriously guys if I just visit this website I'll be like OK.
But they're so amazing and I am and I will buy it.
The first thing that I like about this is that they are using the black and white color that is my favorite.
And then they're using the best style ever.
So I'm not just like you are great.
Let's just go ahead and let's see if any can see everything is done.
OK.
And now what we have to do we have to move another section.
So now here are guys I want to add in the U.S. and that will be a call to action.
OK so that will be like a feature products you can feature a product openly OK in here.
I'm going to show you how you can do that.
OK so first of all we have to do is that we need to open up a product.
OK.
So let's suppose that we need to add something about the product so let's suppose the
me go to the next page which just hit this page one off two so I'm going to go to the next page and
suppose this ship your idea is the product that I wanted to add something about.
Let's go back and
the Voula will go.
OK.
So let's suppose that this is the logo.
This is the product that I want to add something about.
So if I just open it up you can see that we have the logo.
This is the product ID is the 60.
OK.
And then we have everything right here.
We have the main settings here.
We have this product image.
We have the product data and then we have the product short description and the reviews as well.
OK.
So I want to add about this.
OK so I want to work with this so what I'm going to do right now I'm going to add here a new section
and that will be all about this product I'm going and everything about this product.
OK.
So let's just click this guy right here and I want to add a new section.
So there are two methods that you can do that manually.
And then everything you're about.
So what I'm going to do right now I am just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to tell you the automatic method that you can do here.
I'm just going to bring this right here that says Vuh elements and I'm going to drag it right here.
OK.
And then I have to select this so I need to do so like this single product page and is going to like
it and the product will be vulgo.
OK.
This is the idea so this is the I need this is 60.
Let me add the 60 OK.
It is not grabbing it from ID.
I'm just going to search for new logo.
OK.
We have three right here and it's going to select this one.
And you can see that everything is coming from right here.
And it has grabbed everything from here.
OK.
We're having a description we have that related products and we have everything each and everything
is coming up right here.
And you can see that the person can click out to card and his Everything will be coming up here.
So we have advance section we have everything but we're not going to use this because you want these
extra stuff and some stuff like here.
I just want it to be normal.
I'm just going to go to this right here.
I'm just going to come here and I am going to delete this.
Let's just say let's just delete this.
And here I want to Barcoo an image and then I want a table like here.
And that will be so amazing.
So let's just come here and let's add a backdrop.
So for the background image I need to go to an dot com that is the one that we use and I want to go
to the shirt
and physically I am talking about the shirt.
OK.
I'm just going to go with this one right here.
This is being downloaded.
Oh let's just use a normal image OK.
Let's come here.
Let's just click here.
Let's just go to style.
Let's just go to the Bactrim classic astable selected.
Let's just go to the color.
No no I don't want to color.
I want this.
OK.
So I need the background image to be let's just upload files let's select and let's go to the desktop
so the background image that I want should be I'll just use this one.
OK.
I'm just using this one.
So let's wait till this is uploaded.
We have to wait for some time.
I hope it gets uploaded and the size is totally OK so we have to wait for some time till this is done.
And here you go.
You can see this is done right here.
This is coming I'm just going to insert media and this will be about Chrome until finally the section.
So I need the background overlay.
OK the back room overlay is going to be a black because we're moving up but the black color we can also
add the creed in effect.
Let's just create in effect instead here.
OK.
The first color is the black and the second one is the red.
I don't want the second one to be red.
I want it to be great.
So let's click here let's just make it carraige OK.
All I want to just go with the opacities to the opacity is more like this.
OK.
I want to go back home and let's just change this to be like the image is like overlapping and this
is coming so I want to make it fixed and I want to make it that color so you can see this is now full
whole image that is coming.
I want to go to lay out OK.
And the layout should be the height so it should be a minimum height.
This is going to be the minimum height and the minimum height will be this 300.
OK this is cool.
I want to go to style.
I want to go to the background overlay and the background overlay is of gradient so let's just use it
to be blue
OK.
I want the blue color but the angle should be OK.
So let's work with the location.
So I wanted the location to be here and this location should be done.
The low
here we go.
You can see we have it like this.
I wanted to be here.
Let's use it to be a bit more lighter color.
And now it looks amazing.
I want to make it a little bit more down.
And here we go.
OK.
You can see how it is.
We can also change the angle to make it look like how the way we want it to be so we can also move it
at that.
OK now I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit save.
OK.
And then I want to go to this right here.
OK so first of all I need a heading here.
And then I need the content below that is going to be like what is my product.
And then here should be the image.
And then here down below should be more 6.
So first of all I need the text.
OK.
And that will be like get our most orated T-shirt OK.
Here it goes.
I want to make it Center.
I want to go to style omelets just for it get a color that color should be white and ok.
I want to click here.
Barack and I wanted to make the size bigger so let's just bring it here.
This is totally ok.
I want to make this change the font so this is going to be open 10s.
Or is there any use your telescope.
Yes.
OK.
I want to make the vate to be the 300 so you can choose just one fun to be like more of like any meathead
and like just like that.
But do not use every front.
Otherwise it will not look good.
OK so keep that in mind guys.
OK.
I want to make it 100 cool transformation should be capitalized.
So this is here.
And I want to make it safe.
So here we go.
You can see this is right here.
I want to add some calamari here down below.
And then I want to add this image here and here it should be the condom.
So let's just come here to the condom right here.
Let's just click this guy right here.
And then let's go to the column.
So I need to call him right here.
I want to bring this down below so you can see that I have to call him for you here.
I want to make good here.
Here should be the image should be the content.
And then here should be an add to card Britain.
OK so let's just come here and let's just add the text so the text editor should be here.
And then here I need to learn about him.
Let's go to him.
Dotcom's field slash each team.
OK here we have it.
I need to just Chrebet copy it and let's come here and paste it to paste.
OK.
It is right here.
I wanted to be still here.
Let's go to style.
Let's go to.
Text color and let's change it to white and I want to make it justified so that it it looks great.
OK.
Everything looks cool here.
I need an image right here.
So let's come here and let's go to the.
So I need to drag the image.
And I wanted to drop it here.
So here should be my most rated T shirt that I want to watch.
So here I wanted to play dead and I won the T-shirt.
So this is the T-shirt I think yes.
This is the one and I want to hit insert media so you can see this is a T-shirt that will appear.
I want it to be the medium size so it looks great.
OK.
Everything looks great.
And I want this to be a caption to this will be best rated T shirt OK.
Let's just use the thumb nail.
So the toenail is looking so I think it looks good.
OK best treated teacher.
So I wanted to go to style right now and I want to change the size of it.
I can make jeans this I use.
OK.
I need to be to be 100 and I have the animation so you can also go with the whole animation.
I'm going to make it to be like to eight.
Yes.
This one.
This one best rated teacher.
If I bring them out here you can see how this is OK.
And then I have the caption So my caption color is going to be white a bit of Kri OK.
And then I want a button right here that's going to tell me that at 2 cards so let's come here.
Let's go down.
And this is the view at two cards.
I wanted to bring a tray here.
OK.
And this is the burden that's going to tell me if I just click here.
It's going to just add that product to the card.
So I want to just make it give to go to the style I want to go to.
OK.
Let's first just come here and the burden.
So this is the product so first of all I want to work for the product.
So this is the product tray here and this will be
the logo
Voula.
So I don't know exactly the vich of the product we have here.
We have three products book let's zoom.
This is the product that we have the image for.
OK.
I want to go to the and right here.
And the burden should be default to card.
OK.
We have the alignment so it should be aligned to center.
I want to go to style size and everything.
We can move it on with this.
OK.
You don't have to worry but this weekend style and the style in the style section.
Well let's just make it two extra small.
OK.
I want to go.
Icon.
OK.
And the in the icon.
I need something about the card.
So the card can be
a basket.
So I'm just in a search for Baskett shopping basket.
OK.
This is the one OK we have this.
The position should be after.
So we have the icon spacing it to bid.
So I wanted to increase the spacing.
Ok cool.
Now I have to go to the button right here and I want to work with the text colors so my text color should
be white.
OK.
My background color should be nothing.
I need it to be a full transparent coil.
OK.
I want the border time so the border is going to be solid.
And the bed should be one pixel.
So it looks great.
OK.
Now here we have the bottom radius so the bottom radius is going to be 25.
Let's add it to be like 10 10 looks good.
OK.
We have this tray here and now we have to go to the home.
So we need to add the Hoeber effects.
I want to come here I want the text color to be changed and the background colors the background color
would be the full black on where the correct and the border should be removed on where I want to make
it transparent.
It looks amazing right now.
OK.
We have this right here and we have everything.
So if someone clicks this burden the product is going to be added to the card.
That is how it's going to work.
Let's just make it the full width and let's see how it is looking.
So we have this like here we have a two card button and everything is totally up and running.
So we can verify the shape divider if you want to like be can stylist's if you want to but I think keeping
it more simple looks great.
OK.
You can see how it is looking.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going ahead Savery now and you can see that this is how it is looking.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here I'm going to come here and I'm going to refresh
my website to see how my website looks.
OK.
We have this get our most rated T shirt and this is add to cart.
If I just click here you can see it's going to see that view card here.
So if I just click here.
It's going to take me to the card page and this is how my card is looking.
I have this voodoo logo.
So we have mystically used the wrong product here.
We have to choose the right product.
OK let me come here.
Let me go to the content and I want to change the product to be like.
So I'll just say is a product and I have to choose the same product.
And then when adding the product to the card it will work totally awesome.
OK so you can see everything is totally up and running and this is how our product is looking.
So now we're totally done with our homepage in the next video we're going to be working a bit more stuff
we're going to add more in here.
So stadium guys for that.
And in the next video we'll add sealed products and or services a bed and everything.
So stadium guys and Bebai.